1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

The needs of the user is a top priority and should be considered carefully because the ultimate goal is to develop what the user desires most out of their product. In order to figure out what the user desires, interacting with the user frequently is absolutely necessary. During these interactions, it is helpful to ask questions relating to the product as well as to show what progress has already been made in order to get feedback from the user and make the product even better. Once I have figured out what the user desires most out of their product, I have to create user stories that align with those desires. I implement the user story by supplying a brief statement regarding what a specific feature for the product should do. From there, I would go further into detail by adding something like a bullet list that pinpoints exactly how the feature should work and function in order to define the parameters of success regarding the feature. The wording should be easy and simple enough for someone on the development team to understand and grasp. The use of these user stories helps with breaking down the user needs by simplifying the needs into several different portions that can be built up gradually to make the product whole.


How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

When it comes to the development of programs, the process can vary depending on the needs of the situation, but the first part always comes down to understanding the problem that I am trying to solve with the program I will develop. Beyond discovering this problem, I have to be able to lay out a plan, so that I am not completely clueless going into the development process. To make the layout of the plan simple, I would break the problem into smaller parts that I can work on and understand with ease. As these smaller parts of the problem become resolved, I can gradually bring my program to life. As I incrementally build the program based off these smaller parts, I am frequently testing and looking for bugs that can ultimately lead to huge delays if ignored. Once the program is complete enough to be released, I can allow access for other people and build and improve on the program based off the feedback that these people give. When it comes to the agile process, I am hoping I will be able to incorporate this incremental buildup of the product by using the scrum methodology which will hold events and principles like sprints, daily stand-ups, the use of the product backlog, sprint reviews, and other similar events. These events will help with providing faster delivery, more communication, heavy adaptability, and better collaboration among a number of other benefits that come with using Scrum with Agile. These practices involving Scrum and Agile ensure that the stakeholder or customer is satisfied with the product they receive.


What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

Being a good team member on a software development team requires commitment and dedication. In order to be a useful part of the team, I have to be able to communicate and show transparency with the team. Communication should happen frequently because the flow of information will allow other team members to gain a deeper insight into the current situation for the sprint by allowing them to easily track work that has been done by other members. While it keeps everyone up to date with where the project is at in terms of progress, it can also help to communicate because communication will allow for the potential of innovative ideas to be introduced, which can overall improve the flow or structure of the project. Aside from the communication aspect, I have to be able to take accountability, especially during failures or during times of struggle. During these rough times, I have to be able to learn and adapt so that I can become even better with my team, all in order to keep the same struggles from repeating. Additionally, it is essential that my code is clean, maintainable, and done in a professional manner that meets the standards of the company guidelines. This will allow my code to align with test cases so that test cases can easily be implemented, and it will also allow other people on my team to easily understand.
